Update SmallRye GraphQL, adding more test cases for reactive (#13820)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/microprofile-graphql.adoc

<1> Here receive the films as a batch, allowing you to fetch the corresponding heroes.

=== Reactive

> Queries can be made reactive by using `Uni`, or `CompletionStage` as a return type, in example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries can be made reactive by using `Uni`, or `CompletionStage` as a return type, for example:
```

[source,java]
----
    @Query
    @Description("Get a Films from a galaxy far far away")
    public Uni<Film> getFilm(@Name("filmId") int id) {
        // ...
    }
----

NOTE: Due to the underlying library, graphql-java, `Uni` is creating a `CompletionStage` under the hood.

Or you can use `CompletionStage`:

[source,java]
----
    @Query
    @Description("Get a Films from a galaxy far far away")
    public CompletionStage<Film> getFilm(@Name("filmId") int id) {
        // ...
    }
----
 

> Using `Uni` or `CompletionStage` means that when a request contains more than one query, they will be executed concurrently, in example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `Uni` or `CompletionStage` means that when a request contains more than one query, they will be executed concurrently.

For instance, the query below will fetch `film0` and `film1` concurrently:
```

[source, graphql]
----
query getFilms {
  film0: film(filmId: 0) {
    title
    director
    releaseDate
    episodeID
  }
  film1: film(filmId: 1) {
    title
    director
    releaseDate
    episodeID
  }
}
----

> Above will fetch `film0` and `film1` concurrently.

Reviewer: And I would remove this line.
